Minor updates to JSON changes (#1070)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-preview2/RELEASE_NOTE.md

### Improvements related to JSON compatibility

> Three new langlib methods have been introduced to improve converting to and from JSON. Additionally, the `toJsonString` method can now be called on `anydata` values.

Reviewer: We don't really use the term "langlib" in docs like these right?

Author: How about something like 

```suggestion
Three new methods have been introduced to the `ballerina/lang.value` module to facilitate converting to and from JSON. Additionally, the `toJsonString` method can now be called on `anydata` values.
```

Reviewer: +1

> #### `toJson`

Reviewer: Also, should we consider making these headings a bit more descriptive? When viewing the generated page, this looks weird with the formatting.

Author: We have a bit more content now. :smile:

Reviewer: No no, I meant the heading `toJson` itself.

Author: If we are changing this, the only change I can think of is making it something like
```suggestion
#### The `toJson` method
```

Reviewer: Yeah +1. That's what I was thinking about as well
